# AOC 2019
I skipped some of the later int-code machine puzzles and maybe some others in later days. This will be all the int-code parts plus anything else I skipped

* Day 2: This was the first int-code machine puzzle. They started earlier than I remembered. I am doing each of these in Python and then in Rust
* Day 5: This is the next day with the int-code machine. Already I remember why I was not super happy about these. I had to rewrite a good bit to better accommodate input and output. Add to that the new instructions and it is a good bit of code to have for an early day
* Day 7 (Python): Another int-code day and we will have to rewrite how my machine handles input and output some more to be able to handle this puzzle. It will need an automated way for the input to come in and a way to take action on output. Part 1 is done, but part 2 will need changes to the int-code machine to be able to hold its state between runs if needed and, maybe, to hand back control to the caller after each output. The machine changes needed are going to break previous operation, but hopefully will be OK for future days
* Day 7 (Rust): Because I needed to refactor the running state and input and output, this changed all the tests. The rust version ended up with a lot of tests already, so many changes were needed just to get the old testing to run again.  
Next Rust choice, where to put the amplifier? I don't remember if the amplifier is a one-off that just uses the int-code machine, but I am going to assume that it is and put it with the day07 project and tests for it just in that day and not with the overall int-code machine. After some value passing rework, tests for part one where running. I then had some debug to terminal connection issues in VS Code that seemed a little random, but after some terminal restarts and debug server restart, part one ran and was correct. Part two only needed a slightly different run function and tests and puzzle output were good.
* Day 9 (Python): Things are not going to be backward compatible between days as too much of the int-code machine is changing to meet new input/output needs. Also testing is changing a lot from day-to-day in the Python version. With the new "relative base" modes and with adding some checks, the machine code is getting pretty long. Testing should also get pretty long if I want to try to catch all cases, but we will see if I actually do that. 2019 is an exercise in the power of a good initial set of requirements.  
After completing the "relative base" changes for all instructions and getting all the day09 tests to run, I ran part 1. I had three errors all due to implementing writing to an address with "relative base" incorrectly. After that, part1 and part2 ran fine. I did not put in additional testing
* Day 9 (Rust): Much rewriting of both the int-code computer and the tests, but quick after that for both parts
* Day 13 (Python): Skipping day 11 as it does not have any int-code machine updates and I was not missing stars for that one. This will start the days where I can collect missed stars ...